Brad Thor I want to thank you we just
got in the Alfa Brad Thor Scottevest
and I thought I'd do a special unboxing
just for you I have been so excited
about this jacket this represents the
most fundamental shift and where
Scottevest is gone and we appreciate all
of your contributions Brad making this
the best concealed carry and gadget
garment ever made by us or anyone else
so here it is it just took it out
arrives like this this is one of the
very first ones and these are going to
be on sale I think on Monday officially
oh my god the fabric is is just gorgeous
it's a soft shell material one of the
things you'll notice about it is no
branding the only exterior branding is
right here and these are removable the
intention as you know is to be
completely stealth so that people won't
know it has one hang tag there's so much
information on this that we're
developing a whole owner's manual and on
the website but this the fabric is
really it's a soft shell material but
unlike a lot of soft shells where it's
crunchy it's so soft there are so many
features in this and I love the interior
branding you get a shot of that just
cool logos that were developed for this
and it's designed for people who are
carrying a lot of stuff specifically if
you're carrying some oh my god it's just
the fit is perfect specifically if
you're carrying a concealed carry weapon
zippers are high-quality with zippers
their matte black and I can move around
it doesn't make noise now check this out
what makes this unique is these massive
pockets in here what we did was we took
a normal chest
it extended it down so that you can
actually take a full-on
laptop computer put it here and it will
double as a bulletproof I'm not gonna
guarantee as much as a laptop yeah so
you you have the ability to carry things
that large if you'd like and inside this
pocket our purpose for you not only
weapons but also devices ammunition
handcuffs it's got a special little
hidden handcuff pocket back there it's
got special pockets here you can
actually have a dagger
you know flashlight or a flashlight you
know right in this little hidden pocket
there if you do have a side holster you
can wear it and have easy access to it
they're all the things you've come to
expect from Scottevest obviously you
know key holders bottle holders for some
compartments clear touch fabric ipad
dedicated pockets how many do we have in
this pockets total 35 but I found a few
more more than 35 pockets so Brad one
should be at your doorstep today love it
you can do a similar unboxing or tell us
what you think couldn't have done this
without you we really appreciate it
we're looking forward to it seeing how
this goes most significant new product
from Scottevest ever I'm Scott I'm out
of here